at hired labs
were
on
a mission
to end
Veteran underemployment
Veterans
have
higher
rates
of
underemployment
than
our
peers
we
also
have
higher
rates
of
mental
health
issues
substance
abuse
incarceration
homelessness
and
suicide
At
Hired Labs
we
totally
get
it
and
we're
here to help
my
name
is
Aurelius Kendrick
I'm
an
Air Force Veteran
I
served
for
6 years
with
2 tours
to
Iraq and Kuwait
when
I
got
out
the
military
I
got
around
and
I
immediately
went
to
the
Academy of Art
where
I
start
studying
3D Animation and VFX
I
helped
produce
Call of Duty
titles
Call of Duty: Vanguard
and
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3
when
I went into gaming
and
actually
got
exposed to
the json file
it
clearly
showed
me
a
path
that
I would need to know
the tech side
that's what led me to
Hired Labs
just kind of
get more education
and more knowledge
we
provide
professionally
written
resumes
and
we
tailor
those
resumes
to
jobs
that
we
help
find
using
our
keyword analysis
that
we
built
in-house
text-generative AI
and
a
team of processional resume writers
my
name
is
Shadeequa Smith
and
I've
been
engaging
with
Hired Labs
since
September of 2024
I was a little bit skeptical
at
first
about
taking
advantage
of
the
resume writing
but
what
they
sent
is
head and shoulders above
anything
that
I've
done
in
recent
years
for
any
Veteran
who
is
interested
in
coding
or
just
needs
a
little
bit
of
assistance
in
trying
to
get
back
into
the
job
market
or
just
looking
for
employment
we also offer
free coding boot camp for Veterans
that's
intended
for
beginners
we
demystify
code
taking
people
from
zero
to
building
fully functional
web
apps
in just
6 weeks
with
no experience required
and
no math needed
if you can read and write emails
you can code
at Hired Labs
we believe in Veterans
we're
here
to
support
their
successful
transition
to
fulfilling
successful
careers
in
the civilian world